Melee Logo <https://melee.gg/>
Melee Logo <https://melee.gg/>

  * What's New <https://melee.gg/Home/WhatsNew>
  * Tournaments <https://melee.gg/Tournament/Index>
  * Decklists <#>
    *Decklists

    *
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Decklist Database <https://melee.gg/Decklists> Advanced Decklist
    Search <https://melee.gg/Decklist/Search> Your Decklist Library
    <https://melee.gg/Profile/Decklists>
  * Organizers <#>
    *Organize

    *
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Become an Organizer <https://melee.gg/Organization/Create> Create an
    Organization <https://melee.gg/Organization/Create> Apply to host
    DreamHack RCQs <https://melee.gg/DreamHack/Apply> Apply to host SCG
    RCQs <https://melee.gg/RCQ/Apply> Documentation <https://
    help.melee.gg/> All Organizers <https://melee.gg/Organization/Index>
    Your Organizations <https://melee.gg/Profile/Organizations> Your
    Organizer Dashboard <https://melee.gg/Organization/Dashboard> Create
    a Tournament <https://melee.gg/Tournament/Edit> Create a Tournament
    Hub <https://melee.gg/TournamentHub/Edit>
  * MTG RCQs <#>
    *DreamHack Regional Championships

    *
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Info on DreamHack RCQ Event Kits <https://melee.gg/DreamHack> Apply
    to host DreamHack RCQs <https://melee.gg/DreamHack/Apply> Purchase
    DreamHack RCQ Event Kits <https://melee.gg/DreamHack/Purchase>
    Submit/Edit RCQ Winner Info <https://melee.gg/DreamHack/Winners>
    *Star City Games Regional Championships

    *
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Info on SCG RCQ Event Kits <https://melee.gg/RCQ> Apply to host SCG
    RCQs <https://melee.gg/RCQ/Apply> Purchase SCG RCQ Event Kits
    <https://melee.gg/RCQ/Purchase> Submit/Edit RCQ Winner Info
    <https://melee.gg/RCQ/Winners>
  *

    Language <#> ä¸­æ–‡ (Chinese) <#> English (English) <#> FranÃ§ais
    (French) <#> Deutsch (German) <#> Italiano (Italian) <#> æ—¥æœ¬èªž
    (Japanese) <#> PortuguÃªs (Portuguese) <#> EspaÃ±ol (Spanish) <#>

  * mrsapper <#>
    mrsapper
    Minh Le Sign Out <https://keyrune.fusionauth.io/oauth2/logout?
    client_id=e1822b87-d76a-4c54-8831-9ca9173762d7&tenantId=6964f492-
    bc8f-fd97-ad26-8d0a659944d7>
    Signed in as mrsapper
    Manage Your Account Settings <https://melee.gg/Profile/Settings>
    Recommended Actions<https://melee.gg/Actions>
    Your Tournaments <https://melee.gg/Profile/Tournaments> Your
    Decklists <https://melee.gg/Profile/Decklists>
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Documentation <https://help.melee.gg/> What's New<https://melee.gg/
    Home/WhatsNew>
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Privacy Policy <https://melee.gg/Policy/Privacy> â€¢ Terms of Service
    <https://melee.gg/Policy/Terms>

NRG Series $5,000 Trial - St. Louis, Missouri (Pioneer) - tournament
brand image

Last Sunday at 10:00 AM EDT


      NRG Series $5,000 Trial - St. Louis, Missouri (Pioneer)

<https://melee.gg/Tournament/View/52907>

Game: Magic: The Gathering

Organized by: NRG Series <https://melee.gg/Hub/Organization/300>

Tournament Type: Tabletop

General information about the 2024 NRG Series can be found here >> https://articles.nerdragegaming.com/2024-nrg-series-announcement/

Entry Fee: $50.00 + $4.74 | Open Registration | Format: Pioneer | Ended
| 97 of 300 Enrolled Players

<https://discord.gg/yhG6DHP>

<https://www.twitch.tv/nrgseries>

  *
    Description

  *
    Rules

  *
    Schedule

  *
    Prizes

  *
    Contact

The NRG Series is back for more tabletop /Magic/ in 2024! Read our 2024
announcement here <https://articles.nerdragegaming.com/2024-nrg-series-
announcement/>.


      Venue Information

NRG Series $15,000 St. Louis Showdown Weekend

  *

    Date: June 22-23, 2024

  *

    Location: Gateway Convention Center, One Gateway Drive Collinsville,
    IL 62234

  *

    Saturday Event: $10,000 Modern Showdown (Winner receives an invite
    to 2024 NRG Champs)

  *

    Sunday Event: $5,000 Pioneer Trial

Pre-register for both events through MTG Melee. Limited on-site
registration is available. This event caps at 300 players. *On-site
registration will be available as space permits, and will cost $5 more
than the preregistration rate.*


      Hotel Room Block Information

Stay with our hotel room block at the LaQuinta Inn & Suites by Wyndham
Collinsville!

6 Gateway Drive Collinsville, IL 62234

ðŸ”¸$135/Night ðŸ”¸2 minute walk from the event hall. ðŸ”¸Book at
618-855-8400, reference Nerd Rage Gaming ðŸ”¸Block closes June 10th!


      Vendors & Special Guests

*To be announced*

Need singles? The NRG sales booth will be stocked with a wide array of
Magic singles, sealed product, and accessories. Buyers will be available
all day to purchase your collection for cash or store credit. You can
order singles through NerdRageGaming.com <http://www.nerdragegaming.com/
> by 4PM CT on the Thursday before the event. Be sure to select â€œEvent
Pickup" as your shipping option at check out.


      Main Event Information

Sundayâ€™s main event is the $5,000 Pioneer Trial. To enroll in this
event, register on MTG Melee. *On-site registration will be available as
space permits, and will cost $5 more than the base entry fee.* This
event will be run at Competitive REL and decklists for are required to
be submitted through MTG Melee. More information about this event's
rules, schedule, and prizes can be found on subsequent tabs.


      Side Event Information

For a full list of side events, and to register, check out bit.ly/
NRGSides <http://bit.ly/NRGSides>


      COVID-19 Policies

This event will be run in accordance with any COVID-19 health and safety
protocols as directed by the venue, municipality, state, and country.

While within the NRG play space, masks are optional for all staff and
attendees.

Do not attend if you or a member of your household is exhibiting
symptoms of COVID-19. The NRG Series reserves the right to modify our
policies as we see fit up to the day of the event. We also reserve the
right to cancel this event at any time.

Should this event become canceled due to COVID-19, all entry fees will
be automatically refunded. However, Nerd Rage Gaming Ltd. is not
responsible for covering any outside costs incurred by event attendees,
such as hotel, travel accommodations, or other purchases. We urge
attendees to only book travel that is 100% refundable.

For paper printouts generated for this tournament, participants' names
will be displayed using their full real names, irrespective of their
profile's name display settings. This specification applies solely to
printed materials.

To unenroll after Last Sunday at 9:50 AM EDT you must contact the organizer.


      Main Event Rules

This event will be run by judges and in accordance with the Magic
Comprehensive Rules <https://magic.wizards.com/en/game-info/gameplay/
rules-and-formats/rules>, Infraction Procedure Guide <https://
wpn.wizards.com/en/document/magic-infraction-procedure-guide> and
Tournament Rules <https://wpn.wizards.com/en/document/magic-infraction-
procedure-guide>.

This event will be run at *Competitive Rules Enforcement Level* (Comp REL).

Players are required to submit their decklists via MTG Melee prior to
the beginning of the tournament. Decklists will /not/ be public during
the Swiss rounds of the event. Decklists will become public for the Top
8 rounds.

This event will have a variable number of Swiss rounds based on
attendance followed by a cut to Top 8. If we have 228 or more players in
Saturday's main event, all rounds *except* the finals will be completed
*on Saturday*, with the finals played on Sunday morning at 8am. All
rounds of Sunday's tournament will be completed *on Sunday*, regardless
of number of rounds.


      Weekend Schedule

NRG Series St. Louis Showdown Weekend (all times are local time)

Pre-Event

  * Thu, 06/20, 4:00 PM: Deadline for NerdRageGaming.com online orders
    to be placed with Event Pick-up option.

Saturday

  * Sat, 06/22, 8:00 AM: Venue Opens
  * Sat, 06/22, 8:50 AM: Modern Showdown Registration Closes
  * Sat, 06/22, 9:00 AM: Modern Showdown Player Meeting & Round 1 Start
    [number of Swiss rounds based on attendance, see "Rules" section]

Sunday

  * Sun, 06/23, 7:45 AM: Venue Opens
  * Sun, 06/23, 8:00 AM Conclusion of Modern Showdown (if applicable)
  * Sun, 06/23, 8:50 AM: Pioneer Trial Registration Closes
  * Sun, 06/23, 9:00 AM: Pioneer Trial Player Meeting & Round 1 Start

The organizer has agreed to pay out prizes in 30 days or less.


      NRG Series $5,000 Trial Prize Payout

  * 1st â€“ $1,200 & 30 NRG Series Points + Regional Champtionships Invite
  * 2nd â€“ $600 & 25 NRG Series Points + Regional Championship Invite
  * 3rd-4th â€“ $400 & 20 NRG Series Points
  * 5thâ€“8th â€“ $200 & 15 NRG Series Points
  * 9thâ€“16th â€“ $100 & 10 NRG Series Points
  * 17thâ€“32nd â€“ $50 & 5 NRG Series Points
  * 33rdâ€“64th â€“ 3 NRG Series Points
  * 65th-128th - 2 NRG Series Point
  * 129+ - 1 NRG Series Point

NRG Series points are used towards at-large invites to the $35,000
invite-only 2024 Championship.

Prizes are to be paid out within 30 days of the their Docusign form on
the above distribution. Our default payment method is via Store Credit
(10% Bonus), but players may also elect to receive their payment in MTGO
Tix (at current market rate) or in Paypal.

Questions or comments? Please contact event manager Libby at
libby@nerdragegaming.com


          Registration


Ã—

Glitch /nrgseries OFFLINE


        Standings

Round 1 Round 2 Round 3 Round 4 Round 5 Round 6 Round 7 Quarterfinals
Semifinals Finals
Visibility
Results Per Page

25 per page
50 per page
100 per page
250 per page
500 per page
Column Visibility

Rank

Players/Teams

Decklist

Match Record

Game Record

Points

OMW%

TGW%

OGW%

Team Id

Opponent Count

Reset <#>
Apply

Rank	Players/Teams	Decklist	Match Record	Game Record	Points

Rank
	
Players/Teams
	
Decklist
	
Match Record
	
Game Record
	
Points
1	
Gerrick Alford<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/gka1736>
	
Azorius Control<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411422>
	9-1-0	19-3-0	27
2	
CliffBoyardee<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/CliffBoyardee> He/Him
	
Mono-Green Devotion<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411471>
	8-1-1	16-4-3	25
3	
Eric Hennig<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Spitfire7897>
	
Izzet Ensoul<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411375>
	6-1-2	12-6-6	20
4	
Harrison Kanfer<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/hkanfer> He/Him
	
Amalia Combo<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411209>
	6-2-1	12-5-4	19
5	
Lukas Parson<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/LParson_3> He/Him
	
Gruul Vehicles<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411456>
	6-2-0	13-7-0	18
6	
Adam Weiss<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Broknlung> He/Him
	
Gruul Aggro<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411485>
	5-1-2	10-5-6	17
7	
Richard Nixon<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Ducman33> He/Him
	
Izzet Phoenix<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411477>
	5-2-1	11-6-3	16
8	
Connor Mullaly<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/MullMoney> He/Him
	
Colorless Burn<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411487>
	5-2-1	11-7-3	16
9	
Micah Munson<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Sybased> He/Him
	
Golgari Vampires<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/409966>
	5-2-0	11-6-0	15
10	
Mae French<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/MaeMtg> She/Her
	
Mono-Green Devotion<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411484>
	5-2-0	10-6-0	15
11	
Zoe<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Zoe> She/Her
	
Rakdos Vampires<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/410675>
	5-2-0	10-7-0	15
12	
Ahorberg<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Ahorberg>
	
Azorius Spirits<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411228>
	5-2-0	12-4-0	15
13	
George Jabbour<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/jabjabber> He/Him
	
Boros Burn<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411443>
	5-2-0	10-7-0	15
14	
Travis Williams<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/indianpancake>
	
Rakdos Midrange<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411394>
	5-2-0	11-7-0	15
15	
Ryan Bellamy<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/ryanmbellamy> He/Him
	
Niv to Light<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411474>
	5-2-0	10-6-0	15
16	
Casey Moon<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/CaseyMoon>
	
Rakdos Vampires<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411367>
	5-2-0	10-6-0	15
17	
Nate1DeGreat1<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Nate1DeGreat1>
	
Lotus Field Combo<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411359>
	5-2-0	12-7-0	15
18	
Levi Gaines<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Absoluteragex> He/Him
	
Mono-Red Aggro<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411269>
	5-2-0	11-6-1	15
19	
Sam Beaulieu<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Rabbit>
	
Amalia Combo<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/410401>
	5-2-0	10-7-0	15
20	
Prichards<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Prichards> He/Him
	
Mono-White Humans<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411428>
	5-2-0	10-6-0	15
21	
Casey Ryback<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/KingChainsaw> He/Him
	
Izzet Phoenix<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411425>
	4-2-1	11-6-0	13
22	
Simon Sharber<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/FrostFro> He/Him
	
Izzet Phoenix<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411476>
	4-2-1	10-8-0	13
23	
Drew Buchanan<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/DrewBuchanan> They/Them
	
Azorius Control<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/410074>
	4-2-1	10-7-1	13
24	
Collin Bradley<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/achord4five> He/Him
	
Five-color Combo<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411385>
	4-2-1	9-7-1	13
25	
Sean Gallagher<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/mrtoolshed>
	
Azorius Control<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411455>
	4-3-0	10-9-0	12
26	
tgahrs<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/tgahrs>
	
Izzet Phoenix<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411431>
	4-3-0	8-8-0	12
27	
Kevin Thomas<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/kevilynn> He/Him
	
Azorius Control<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411470>
	4-3-0	9-7-0	12
28	
Reed Anderson<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Reesh>
	
Izzet Ensoul<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/410472>
	4-3-0	9-8-0	12
29	
Daulton Scheffer<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/DScheff23>
	
Azorius Humans<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411432>
	4-3-0	10-9-0	12
30	
Andrew Carlson<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Werdnarac> He/Him
	
Azorius Control<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411293>
	4-3-0	9-8-0	12
31	
Johnny Bresett<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/bresett123> He/Him
	
Rakdos Vampires<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411386>
	4-3-0	9-7-0	12
32	
Kevin Sames<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Jollyreaper10>
	
Simic Merfolk<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411349>
	4-3-0	9-10-0	12
33	
A. Adams<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Six5ths> They/Them
	
Rakdos Vampires<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411376>
	4-3-0	9-6-0	12
34	
Steven Moerke<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/SeawardObject9> He/Him
	
Amalia Combo<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/410253>
	4-3-0	10-8-0	12
35	
Vincent McKnight<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Ozfan6>
	
Abzan Combo<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/409800>
	4-3-0	9-6-0	12
36	
Taidhg Tajalli<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Taidhgt> He/Him
	
Mono-White Humans<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411347>
	4-3-0	11-8-0	12
37	
RyaT8<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/RyaT8> He/They
	
Lotus Field Combo<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411479>
	4-3-0	11-6-0	12
38	
BarW2<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/BarW2> He/Him
	
Boros Heroic<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411186>
	4-3-0	10-7-0	12
39	
Nikachu<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Nikachu> He/Him
	
Simic Merfolk<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411398>
	4-3-0	10-8-0	12
40	
Fredrick Atchison<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Shyvana> He/Him
	
Colorless Burn<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411482>
	3-3-1	9-10-1	10
41	
Valerie Strong<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Valicious> She/Her
	
Rakdos Vampires<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411463>
	3-3-1	10-8-1	10
42	
Zach Baker<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/PupBrackets> He/Him
	
Mono-White Humans<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411056>
	3-4-0	7-10-0	9
43	
Grant Woodfin<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Redbeard43> He/Him
	
Rakdos Vampires<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/410398>
	3-4-0	9-10-0	9
44	
Baron Thomas<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/ghettobaron>
	
Niv to Light<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411478>
	3-2-0	7-6-0	9
45	
Jay T<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/xp4nic> Other
	
Izzet Phoenix<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411350>
	3-3-0	9-7-0	9
46	
Joey DiGiacomo<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Nubzy> He/Him
	
Rakdos Vampires<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/410174>
	3-4-0	8-8-0	9
47	
Gordy25<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Gordy25> He/Him
	
Abzan Greasefang<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411374>
	3-4-0	7-10-0	9
48	
Dawn DeLozier<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Dawnbringr> She/Her
	
Jeskai Control<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411472>
	3-3-0	6-7-0	9
49	
Will Kowalczyk<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Pugface> He/Him
	
Quintorius Combo<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411360>
	3-4-0	8-10-0	9
50	
Joseph Quertermous<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/RougueQ89> He/Him
	
Mono-Black Control<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411475>
	3-3-0	8-7-0	9
51	
Brandon Parmer<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Brandon_Parmer>
	
Boros Heroic<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/410595>
	3-4-0	6-9-0	9
52	
Josh Czopek<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/chickenwaffles26> He/Him
	
Niv to Light<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411436>
	3-3-0	8-7-0	9
53	
Brandon Secrist<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Necromaize> He/Him
	
Abzan Greasefang<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411344>
	3-3-0	6-6-0	9
54	
Cornobble<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Cornobble>
	
Mono-Green Devotion<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411366>
	3-4-0	9-8-0	9
55	
Matthew Holderness<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Suppaflysnip>
	
Mono-Blue Aggro<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411389>
	2-4-1	7-9-1	7
56	
Adam Hawthorne<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/hawthor3> He/Him
	
Izzet Phoenix<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411372>
	2-3-1	6-7-1	7
57	
Xavier Higgins<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Bizzare> He/Him
	
Izzet Phoenix<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411450>
	2-3-0	5-7-0	6
58	
Mason Grode<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Masongrode>
	
Abzan Greasefang<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/410092>
	2-3-0	6-8-0	6
59	
adriandbarnello<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/adriandbarnello> He/Him
	
Mono-Black Feather<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411379>
	2-2-0	5-5-0	6
60	
Patrick Peters<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Ppeters85>
	
Rakdos Vampires<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411315>
	2-4-0	4-8-0	6
61	
Jon Puffer<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Puffer> He/Him
	
Rakdos Vampires<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411203>
	2-4-0	7-8-0	6
62	
Nicholas Grissom<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/DocHolliday55> He/Him
	
Izzet Phoenix<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411327>
	2-3-0	4-8-0	6
63	
Christian Valenti<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Cvalenti90> He/Him
	
Quintorius Combo<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411454>
	2-2-0	5-5-0	6
64	
Sam Lefebvre<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Semicompetent> He/Him
	
Rakdos Control<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411390>
	2-4-0	5-9-0	6
65	
Jacob Cupp<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/jcupp2217> He/Him
	
Azorius Control<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411466>
	2-4-0	5-8-0	6
66	
Victor Wood<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Vwood> He/Him
	
Rakdos Vampires<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411473>
	2-2-0	5-6-0	6
67	
Andrew Pelletier<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/23apelle>
	
Selesnya Auras<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411351>
	1-5-0	4-10-0	3
68	
Nicholas Mckissack<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Blankyy>
	
Selesnya Yorion<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411480>
	1-2-0	2-4-0	3
69	
LessAlex<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/LessAlex>
	
Dimir Control<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411392>
	1-3-0	3-6-0	3
70	
Bob Culp<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/bobmtg> He/Him
	
Izzet Phoenix<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411373>
	1-4-0	3-9-0	3
71	
Anand Kinra<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Dakooldood> They/Them
	
Amalia Combo<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/410106>
	1-3-0	3-6-0	3
72	
Nate Olson<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/nolson1983> He/Him
	
Boros Constrictor<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411396>
	1-3-0	2-7-0	3
73	
John Slimak<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/HandsomeValley> He/Him
	
Mono-Green Devotion<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411401>
	1-4-0	3-9-0	3
74	
David Alexander Gurrola<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/DavidG> He/They
	
Azorius Control<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411364>
	1-2-0	2-5-0	3
75	
Daniel Baynton<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Baynton15>
	
Bant Humans<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411483>
	1-3-0	3-6-0	3
76	
Andrew Higgins<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/shmupo> He/Him
	
Esper Greasefang<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411447>
	1-3-0	4-6-0	3
77	
James Moskal<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/KirbySliver> He/Him
	
Izzet Phoenix<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411357>
	1-3-0	5-6-0	3
78	
Donnie Wise<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/dowise> He/Him
	
Rakdos Vampires<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411397>
	1-3-0	4-6-0	3
79	
Matthew Watts<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/watsonx71>
	
Waste Not<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/410193>
	1-2-0	3-4-0	3
80	
Brandon McCullough<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Didgeridoowho> He/Him
	
Bant Aggro<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411481>
	1-3-0	4-7-0	3
81	
logan underwood<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/TheSandwichKing> He/Him
	
Dimir Rogues<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411453>
	1-3-0	4-7-0	3
82	
WeiH<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/WeiH>
	
Mono-Red Prowess<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/410643>
	1-3-0	5-6-0	3
83	
Nathan VanDinter<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/NVD18> He/Him
	
Mono-Green Devotion<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411378>
	1-3-0	3-7-0	3
84	
NathanMan5<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/NathanMan5>
	
Boros Convoke<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411460>
	1-3-0	4-7-0	3
85	
Nicholas Homann<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/TheMilkMan>
	
Azorius Control<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411430>
	1-2-0	3-5-0	3
86	
c3nglish<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/c3nglish>
	
Izzet Phoenix<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411326>
	1-3-0	5-7-0	3
87	
Archie Smith<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/ArchimusPrime>
	
Mono-Black Control<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411459>
	1-3-0	2-7-0	3
88	
IzaV<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/IzaV> He/Him
	
Five-color Niv-Mizzet<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411402>
	0-2-0	1-4-0	0
89	
Hi, I'm Peo<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/PhosOx> He/Him
	
Quintorius Combo<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/410055>
	0-3-0	2-6-0	0
90	
Joseph Gearlds<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/IDonrNeedAName> He/Him
	
Mono-Black Control<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411271>
	0-3-0	0-6-0	0
91	
Edric Petrick<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/BDNation13>
	
Izzet Phoenix<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411371>
	0-3-0	1-6-0	0
92	
Sam Clayton<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/samuelxclayton> He/Him
	
Orzhov Midrange<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411427>
	0-4-0	3-8-0	0
93	
Carter Steichen<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Ocotlan> He/Him
	
Five-color Niv-Mizzet<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411314>
	0-3-0	1-6-0	0
94	
Ryan Searby<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/NotMe>
	
Waste Not<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411446>
	0-3-0	0-6-0	0
95	
BigDFuerte<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/BigDFuerte>
	
Izzet Phoenix<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411462>
	0-4-0	1-8-0	0
96	
Mark Nabors<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/HymnRackGo>
	
Rakdos Vampires<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411467>
	0-3-0	1-6-0	0
97	
Sean Mahoney<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/OdinVonHoyt>
	
Grixis Vampires<https://melee.gg/Decklist/View/411468>
	0-4-0	3-8-0	0

Displaying 1 to 97 of 97 standings
Previous1Next


        Matches

Round 1 Round 2 Round 3 Round 4 Round 5 Round 6 Round 7 Quarterfinals
Semifinals Finals
Visibility
Results Per Page

25 per page
50 per page
100 per page
250 per page
500 per page
Column Visibility

Table

Pod Number

Players/Teams

Decklists

Result

Reset <#>
Apply

Table	Players/Teams	Decklists	Result

Table
	
Players/Teams
	
Decklists
	
Result
1	
CliffBoyardee<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/CliffBoyardee> He/Him
Eric Hennig<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/Spitfire7897>
	
-
-
	CliffBoyardee won 2-0-0
2	
Harrison Kanfer<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/hkanfer> He/Him
Gerrick Alford<https://melee.gg/Profile/Index/gka1736>
	
-
-
	Gerrick Alford won 2-0-0

Displaying 1 to 2 of 2 matches
Previous1Next
GET HELP
<https://discord.gg/yhG6DHP>


          Send a message to the organizer


Ã—

We apologize for any inconvenience you're facing. To help us assist you,
please select the issue type that best describes your problem.

By selecting an issue, an email will be automatically sent to the event
organizer. They will get in touch with you as soon as possible.

Issue Registering
Select this if you're experiencing difficulties while trying to register
for the tournament.
Pairings/Standings Incorrect
If you see incorrect information in the matches or standings, report it
here.
Decklist Incorrect
Choose this if your submitted decklist is incorrect and needs revision.
General Question
For all other general queries related to the tournament.
Question about Tournament Rules
If you're uncertain or confused about specific tournament rules, ask here.
Fixed Table
Select this if there's an issue with your assigned table.

To help us resolve your issue more efficiently, please provide a
detailed description below.

Submit Support Ticket

Deutsch <#> 	English <#> 	EspaÃ±ol <#> 	FranÃ§ais <#> 	Italiano <#> 	
PortuguÃªs <#> 	ä¸­æ–‡ <#> 	æ—¥æœ¬èªž <#>

* Support for card names and card images in other languages can be found
in your Melee user settings <https://melee.gg/Profile/Settings>.


            Follow Us

<https://www.facebook.com/Melee.gg> <https://discord.melee.gg/>
<https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjxW1N9I0xpKc6fwoAJNxnw>


            Tournaments

Tournaments <https://melee.gg/Tournament/Index> Become an Organizer
<https://melee.gg/Organization/Create> Decklists <https://melee.gg/
Decklists>


            Helpful Links

Documentation and Guides <https://help.melee.gg/> Frequently Asked
Questions <https://melee.gg/Home/Faq> Entry Fees and Payments <https://
melee.gg/Policy/Payments> Service Level Agreements <https://melee.gg/
Policy/SLA> Data API <https://melee.gg/swagger>


            Melee

Contact <https://melee.gg/Home/Contact> What's New <https://melee.gg/
Home/WhatsNew> About Us <https://melee.gg/Home/About> Careers and
Opportunities <https://melee.gg/Home/Careers>
Legal Information
Privacy Policy <https://melee.gg/Policy/Privacy> | Terms of Service
<https://melee.gg/Policy/Terms> | Cookies Policy <https://melee.gg/
Policy/Cookies> | Cookies Settings <#> | Report Unauthorized Data
Sharing <https://melee.gg/Policy/SubmitPrivacyReport>
All original content on this page is Â© 2019-2024 Keyrune Incorporated,
its licensors, or its partners and may not be used or reproduced without
explicit permission. All trademarks are the property of their respective
owners.

Ok

//Yes

No

Submit

Cancel


          -


Ã—


          Audit Logs


Ã—

